docs/PRD.md, before:

# 🏠 Home Security Dashboard MCP - Product Requirements Document (PRD)

## 📋 **PRODUCT OVERVIEW** (Updated October 2025)

### **Product Name**
Home Security Dashboard MCP - Dual Architecture Platform

## Vision
To create the definitive 2026 SOTA home management platform that unifies surveillance, robotics, environmental monitoring, and medical-grade diagnostics into a single, high-contrast, zero-friction interface.

## Scope
### Phase 1: Core Surveillance (Complete)
- **Tapo Ecosystem**: C100, C200, C210, C310 camera management.
- **Legacy Integration**: Ring Doorbell, Nest Cam, Nest Protect.
- **Universal Optical**: USB Webcam auto-detection.
- **Live Dashboard**: Centralized management at `localhost:7777`.

### Phase 2: Environmental & Utility (Complete)
- **Netatmo**: Full weather station metrics (Temp, Humidity, Pressure, CO2).
- **Shelly/Tapo Power**: P115, Shelly 1PM monitoring/control.
- **Meteorology**: GeoSphere Austria & OpenMeteo integration.

### Phase 3: Robotics & Municipal (Active/Staging)
- **Tactical Robotics**: Unitree Go2, Moorebot Scout, iKettle, Vbot integration.
- **Vienna Services**: Public webcam aggregation, Emergency alert monitoring.
- **Medical Diagnostics**: USB Otoscope/Microscope SOTA 2026 integration.
- **Lighting**: Philips Hue & Tapo L-series synchronization.


### **Reliability & Safety Protocol (SOTA 2026)**

#### **Categorized Alert Logic**
- **🚨 Hard Alarms (100% Uptime)**: Life-safety and security interrupts (**CO, Fire, Burglar**). These require absolute priority and zero-delay siren triggers via redundant dispatch paths.
- **🔔 Soft Alarms (Productivity/Environmental)**: Non-critical notifications such as **Antigravity IDE updates**, **Teams/Email alerts**, or **indoor CO2 thresholds**. These use a lower-intensity notification tier.

#### **Patrol Robotics Hierarchy**
- **Tier 1 (Scout)**: Entry-level surveillance patrol (Moorebot Scout).
- **Tier 2 (Tactical)**: Formidable quadruped/humanoid intervention (Unitree Go2/G1).
- **Control Interface**: Unified tactical dashboard for telemetry and manual override.

### Phase 4: The Meta-Home (Conceptual/Future)
- **Digital/Physical Bridge**: Unifying Plex media, communication (Teams/Email), and development workflows (IDE projects) into the central dashboard.
- **Agentic Sync**: Real-time status of agentic projects acting as "soft" home telemetry.


### **Target Users**

- **🏠 Home Security Professionals**: Users with comprehensive security ecosystems (cameras + sensors)
- **🤖 AI Integration Developers**: Developers building MCP-based security systems
- **🏢 System Administrators**: IT professionals managing multi-vendor security networks
- **🔧 Home Automation Enthusiasts**: Users integrating multiple smart home systems
- **📱 Remote Monitoring Users**: Users needing mobile access via VPN (Tailscale)

### **🎯 DUAL ARCHITECTURE EXPLANATION**

**This platform serves two complementary roles:**

#### **🎥 Role 1: Individual MCP Servers**
- **Tapo Camera MCP**: Standalone TP-Link camera control
- **USB Webcam MCP**: Direct webcam management
- **Ring MCP**: Doorbell/camera security integration
- **Nest Protect MCP**: Smoke/CO detector monitoring
- **Each MCP server**: Can run independently for specific device control

#### **🏠 Role 2: Unified Security Dashboard**
- **Multi-MCP Orchestrator**: Coordinates multiple MCP servers
- **Unified Interface**: Single dashboard for all security devices
- **Cross-System Correlation**: Intelligent alert analysis across systems
- **Real-time Monitoring**: Live status from cameras + sensors + alarms

### **🏆 MAJOR ACHIEVEMENT - PRODUCTION READY!**
- **✅ Live Web Dashboard**: Working at `localhost:7777`
- **✅ USB Webcam Support**: Auto-detection and monitoring (WORKING)
- **✅ Claude Desktop Integration**: MCP server loads successfully (WORKING)
- **🔄 Tapo Cameras**: Authentication resolution needed (HIGH PRIORITY)

## 🎯 **CORE REQUIREMENTS - CURRENT STATUS**

### **1. Camera Support**
- **🔄 Tapo Cameras**: TP-Link Tapo series (authentication pending)
- **✅ USB Webcams**: Auto-detected and monitored (WORKING)
- **📋 Ring Cameras**: Experimental Ring device integration (planned)
- **📋 Furbo Cameras**: Pet camera support (planned)

### **2. MCP Integration**
- **✅ FastMCP 2.12.0 Compliance**: Full protocol compatibility (WORKING)
- **✅ Tool Discovery**: 52 tools registered and working (WORKING)
- **✅ Claude Desktop Integration**: Server loads successfully (WORKING)
- **✅ Real-time Communication**: Live camera data through MCP (WORKING)

### **3. Web Dashboard**
- **🔄 Real-time Video Streaming**: Live MJPEG streams (next phase)
- **🔄 RTSP Integration**: Direct streaming from Tapo cameras (pending auth)
- **✅ Dynamic Camera Management**: Auto-add USB cameras (WORKING)
- **✅ Responsive Design**: Professional UI at localhost:7777 (WORKING)
- **✅ Real-time Status**: Live camera monitoring (WORKING)

## 🚀 **GETTING STARTED GUIDE** (UPDATED October 2025)

### **✅ WHAT WORKS NOW**

```bash
# 1. Start the Live Dashboard (RECOMMENDED)
python start.py dashboard
# Result: Professional dashboard at http://localhost:7777 with USB webcam monitoring

# 2. Check Claude Desktop Integration
# MCP server loads automatically - look for Tapo Camera tools in Claude
```

### **📊 CURRENT CAPABILITIES**
- **✅ USB Webcam Detection**: Auto-discovered and displayed
- **✅ Real-time Status Monitoring**: Camera health and connections
- **✅ Professional Dashboard UI**: Clean, responsive interface
- **✅ Claude Desktop Tools**: 52 MCP tools available
- **🔄 Tapo Camera Integration**: Needs correct password authentication

### **Prerequisites**
```bash
# Required Software (Already Working)
✅ Python 3.8+ (installed)
✅ OpenCV (for webcam support) (working)
✅ FastMCP 2.12.0 (working)
✅ USB webcam (auto-detected)
🔄 Tapo cameras (pending auth resolution)
```

### **Installation** (Already Done)
git clone https://github.com/yourusername/tapo-camera-mcp.git
cd tapo-camera-mcp

# 2. Install dependencies
pip install -e .
pip install -r requirements.txt

# 3. Configure cameras
cp config.example.yaml config.yaml
# Edit config.yaml with your camera details
```

### **Starting the System**

#### **Option 1: MCP Server Only (for Claude Desktop)**
```bash
# Start MCP server
python -m tapo_camera_mcp.server_v2 --direct

# With debug logging
python -m tapo_camera_mcp.server_v2 --direct --debug
```

#### **Option 2: Web Dashboard Only**
```bash
# Start web dashboard
python -m tapo_camera_mcp.web.server

# Dashboard available at: http://localhost:7777
```

#### **Option 3: Both Services (Recommended)**
```bash
# Terminal 1: Start MCP server
python -m tapo_camera_mcp.server_v2 --direct

# Terminal 2: Start web dashboard
python -m tapo_camera_mcp.web.server
```

### **Quick Test with USB Webcam**
```bash
# Test webcam functionality
python test_webcam_streaming.py

# Then start dashboard
python -m tapo_camera_mcp.web.server
```

## 📺 **VIDEO STREAMING FEATURES**

### **USB Webcam Streaming**
- **Format**: MJPEG (Motion JPEG)
- **Frame Rate**: 30 FPS
- **Quality**: Adjustable JPEG quality (80% default)
- **Latency**: ~100ms end-to-end
- **Browser Support**: All modern browsers

### **Tapo Camera Streaming**
- **Format**: RTSP streams
- **Integration**: Direct camera stream URLs
- **Multiple Formats**: HLS, RTSP, RTMP support
- **Authentication**: Secure credential handling

### **Dashboard Features**
- **Live View**: Real-time video display
- **Stream Controls**: Start/stop per camera
- **Camera Grid**: Multi-camera layout
- **Status Monitoring**: Online/offline indicators
- **Snapshot Capture**: Still image capture

## 🔧 **TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS**

### **Backend Architecture**
- **Framework**: FastAPI for web server
- **Async Processing**: asyncio for concurrent operations
- **Camera Abstraction**: Unified interface across camera types
- **Tool System**: Modular MCP tool architecture

### **Frontend Architecture**
- **Template Engine**: Jinja2 for server-side rendering
- **JavaScript**: Vanilla JS for dynamic functionality
- **CSS Framework**: Custom responsive design
- **Real-time Updates**: AJAX for live data

### **API Endpoints**
```
GET  /                           # Dashboard homepage
GET  /api/cameras               # List all cameras
GET  /api/cameras/{id}/stream   # Video stream
GET  /api/cameras/{id}/snapshot # Camera snapshot
GET  /api/status                # Server status
```

### **MCP Tools Available**
- **Camera Management**: 6 tools (list, add, connect, disconnect, info, status)
- **PTZ Controls**: 7 tools (move, position, presets, home, stop)
- **Media Operations**: 4 tools (capture, recording, status)
- **System Management**: 8 tools (info, reboot, logs, settings)

## 📊 **PERFORMANCE REQUIREMENTS**

### **Video Streaming**
- **Frame Rate**: 30 FPS minimum
- **Latency**: <200ms end-to-end
- **Bandwidth**: 1-2 Mbps per stream
- **Concurrent Streams**: Up to 10 simultaneous

### **System Performance**
- **CPU Usage**: <20% per active stream
- **Memory**: <100MB base + 50MB per camera
- **Startup Time**: <5 seconds
- **Response Time**: <100ms for API calls

## 🔒 **SECURITY REQUIREMENTS**

### **Authentication**
- **Camera Credentials**: Secure storage and transmission
- **API Security**: Optional OAuth2 integration
- **Network Security**: HTTPS support for production

### **Privacy**
- **Local Processing**: No cloud data transmission
- **Data Retention**: Configurable storage policies
- **Access Control**: User-based permissions

## 🚀 **DEPLOYMENT OPTIONS**

### **Development Mode**
```bash
# Local development with hot reload
python -m tapo_camera_mcp.web.server --reload
```

### **Production Mode**
```bash
# Production deployment with uvicorn
uvicorn tapo_camera_mcp.web.server:app --host 0.0.0.0 --port 7777
```

### **Docker Deployment**
```dockerfile
# Dockerfile for containerized deployment
FROM python:3.11-slim
COPY . /app
WORKDIR /app
RUN pip install -e .
EXPOSE 7777
CMD ["python", "-m", "tapo_camera_mcp.web.server"]
```

## 📱 **BROWSER COMPATIBILITY**

### **Supported Browsers**
- ✅ **Chrome/Chromium**: Full support
- ✅ **Firefox**: Full support  
- ✅ **Safari**: Full support
- ✅ **Edge**: Full support
- ✅ **Mobile Browsers**: Responsive design

### **Required Features**
- **HTML5 Video**: For video streaming
- **WebSocket**: For real-time updates
- **Fetch API**: For AJAX requests
- **CSS Grid**: For responsive layout

## 🎯 **SUCCESS METRICS**

### **Technical Metrics**
- **Uptime**: 99.9% availability
- **Stream Quality**: <1% dropped frames
- **Response Time**: <100ms API response
- **Error Rate**: <0.1% failed requests

### **User Experience Metrics**
- **Setup Time**: <5 minutes from install to streaming
- **Ease of Use**: Intuitive dashboard interface
- **Camera Discovery**: Automatic detection where possible
- **Documentation**: Comprehensive guides and examples

## 🔮 **FUTURE ROADMAP**

### **Phase 1 (Current)**
- ✅ Real video streaming implementation
- ✅ USB webcam support
- ✅ Tapo camera integration
- ✅ MCP tool registration

### **Phase 2 (Next)**
- 🔄 Advanced PTZ controls
- 🔄 Motion detection alerts
- 🔄 Recording management
- 🔄 Mobile app integration

### **Phase 3 (Future)**
- 📋 AI-powered analytics
- 📋 Cloud storage integration
- 📋 Multi-tenant support
- 📋 Enterprise features

## 📞 **SUPPORT & DOCUMENTATION**

### **Getting Help**
- **GitHub Issues**: Bug reports and feature requests
- **Documentation**: Comprehensive guides in `/docs`
- **Examples**: Sample configurations and use cases
- **Community**: Developer forums and discussions

### **Documentation Structure**
```
docs/
├── assessment.md                    # Current system assessment
├── video_streaming_implementation.md # Streaming implementation details
├── mock_removal_progress.md         # Mock removal progress
├── USER_GUIDE.md                    # User documentation
├── GRAFANA_INTEGRATION_*.md         # Grafana integration guides
└── standards/                       # Development standards
```

---

**Last Updated**: December 2024  
**Version**: 1.0.0  
**Status**: Production Ready ✅

Commit message:

docs: document infrastructure stability, LPG monitoring stack, and auth status

docs/PRD.md, after:

# 🏠 Home Security Dashboard MCP - Product Requirements Document (PRD)

## 📋 **PRODUCT OVERVIEW** (Updated October 2025)

### **Product Name**
Home Security Dashboard MCP - Dual Architecture Platform

## Vision
To create the definitive 2026 SOTA home management platform that unifies surveillance, robotics, environmental monitoring, and medical-grade diagnostics into a single, high-contrast, zero-friction interface.

## Scope
### Phase 1: Core Surveillance (Complete)
- **Tapo Ecosystem**: C100, C200, C210, C310 camera management.
- **Legacy Integration**: Ring Doorbell, Nest Cam, Nest Protect.
- **Universal Optical**: USB Webcam auto-detection.
- **Live Dashboard**: Centralized management at `localhost:7777`.

### Phase 2: Environmental & Utility (Complete)
- **Netatmo**: Full weather station metrics (Temp, Humidity, Pressure, CO2).
- **Shelly/Tapo Power**: P115, Shelly 1PM monitoring/control.
- **Meteorology**: GeoSphere Austria & OpenMeteo integration.

### Phase 3: Robotics & Municipal (Active/Staging)
- **Tactical Robotics**: Unitree Go2, Moorebot Scout, iKettle, Vbot integration.
- **Vienna Services**: Public webcam aggregation, Emergency alert monitoring.
- **Medical Diagnostics**: USB Otoscope/Microscope SOTA 2026 integration.
- **Lighting**: Philips Hue & Tapo L-series synchronization.


### **Reliability & Safety Protocol (SOTA 2026)**

#### **Authentication & Security Status**
> [!IMPORTANT]
> **Authentication implementation has not been started**. The system currently operates in a trusted LAN/VPN environment (Tailscale). Logic for multi-tenant auth and device-level credentials is part of the future security roadmap.

#### **Categorized Alert Logic**
- **🚨 Hard Alarms (100% Uptime)**: Life-safety and security interrupts (**CO, Fire, Burglar**). These require absolute priority, hardware failover (UPS), and dual-link internet (Anti-Sabotage) to guarantee functionality.
- **🔔 Soft Alarms (Productivity/Environmental)**: Non-critical notifications such as **Antigravity IDE updates**, **Teams/Email alerts**, or **indoor CO2 thresholds**. These use a lower-intensity notification tier.

#### **Infrastructure Stabilization**
- **Orchestration**: Transitioning to **K8s** to handle node-level failures.
- **Observability**: Mandatory integration of the **LPG Stack** (Loki/Prometheus/Grafana) for all production nodes.


### Phase 4: The Meta-Home (Conceptual/Future)
- **Digital/Physical Bridge**: Unifying Plex media, communication (Teams/Email), and development workflows (IDE projects) into the central dashboard.
- **Agentic Sync**: Real-time status of agentic projects acting as "soft" home telemetry.


### **Target Users**

- **🏠 Home Security Professionals**: Users with comprehensive security ecosystems (cameras + sensors)
- **🤖 AI Integration Developers**: Developers building MCP-based security systems
- **🏢 System Administrators**: IT professionals managing multi-vendor security networks
- **🔧 Home Automation Enthusiasts**: Users integrating multiple smart home systems
- **📱 Remote Monitoring Users**: Users needing mobile access via VPN (Tailscale)

### **🎯 DUAL ARCHITECTURE EXPLANATION**

**This platform serves two complementary roles:**

#### **🎥 Role 1: Individual MCP Servers**
- **Tapo Camera MCP**: Standalone TP-Link camera control
- **USB Webcam MCP**: Direct webcam management
- **Ring MCP**: Doorbell/camera security integration
- **Nest Protect MCP**: Smoke/CO detector monitoring
- **Each MCP server**: Can run independently for specific device control

#### **🏠 Role 2: Unified Security Dashboard**
- **Multi-MCP Orchestrator**: Coordinates multiple MCP servers
- **Unified Interface**: Single dashboard for all security devices
- **Cross-System Correlation**: Intelligent alert analysis across systems
- **Real-time Monitoring**: Live status from cameras + sensors + alarms

### **🏆 MAJOR ACHIEVEMENT - PRODUCTION READY!**
- **✅ Live Web Dashboard**: Working at `localhost:7777`
- **✅ USB Webcam Support**: Auto-detection and monitoring (WORKING)
- **✅ Claude Desktop Integration**: MCP server loads successfully (WORKING)
- **🔄 Tapo Cameras**: Authentication resolution needed (HIGH PRIORITY)

## 🎯 **CORE REQUIREMENTS - CURRENT STATUS**

### **1. Camera Support**
- **🔄 Tapo Cameras**: TP-Link Tapo series (authentication pending)
- **✅ USB Webcams**: Auto-detected and monitored (WORKING)
- **📋 Ring Cameras**: Experimental Ring device integration (planned)
- **📋 Furbo Cameras**: Pet camera support (planned)

### **2. MCP Integration**
- **✅ FastMCP 2.12.0 Compliance**: Full protocol compatibility (WORKING)
- **✅ Tool Discovery**: 52 tools registered and working (WORKING)
- **✅ Claude Desktop Integration**: Server loads successfully (WORKING)
- **✅ Real-time Communication**: Live camera data through MCP (WORKING)

### **3. Web Dashboard**
- **🔄 Real-time Video Streaming**: Live MJPEG streams (next phase)
- **🔄 RTSP Integration**: Direct streaming from Tapo cameras (pending auth)
- **✅ Dynamic Camera Management**: Auto-add USB cameras (WORKING)
- **✅ Responsive Design**: Professional UI at localhost:7777 (WORKING)
- **✅ Real-time Status**: Live camera monitoring (WORKING)

## 🚀 **GETTING STARTED GUIDE** (UPDATED October 2025)

### **✅ WHAT WORKS NOW**

```bash
# 1. Start the Live Dashboard (RECOMMENDED)
python start.py dashboard
# Result: Professional dashboard at http://localhost:7777 with USB webcam monitoring

# 2. Check Claude Desktop Integration
# MCP server loads automatically - look for Tapo Camera tools in Claude
```

### **📊 CURRENT CAPABILITIES**
- **✅ USB Webcam Detection**: Auto-discovered and displayed
- **✅ Real-time Status Monitoring**: Camera health and connections
- **✅ Professional Dashboard UI**: Clean, responsive interface
- **✅ Claude Desktop Tools**: 52 MCP tools available
- **🔄 Tapo Camera Integration**: Needs correct password authentication

### **Prerequisites**
```bash
# Required Software (Already Working)
✅ Python 3.8+ (installed)
✅ OpenCV (for webcam support) (working)
✅ FastMCP 2.12.0 (working)
✅ USB webcam (auto-detected)
🔄 Tapo cameras (pending auth resolution)
```

### **Installation** (Already Done)
git clone https://github.com/yourusername/tapo-camera-mcp.git
cd tapo-camera-mcp

# 2. Install dependencies
pip install -e .
pip install -r requirements.txt

# 3. Configure cameras
cp config.example.yaml config.yaml
# Edit config.yaml with your camera details
```

### **Starting the System**

#### **Option 1: MCP Server Only (for Claude Desktop)**
```bash
# Start MCP server
python -m tapo_camera_mcp.server_v2 --direct

# With debug logging
python -m tapo_camera_mcp.server_v2 --direct --debug
```

#### **Option 2: Web Dashboard Only**
```bash
# Start web dashboard
python -m tapo_camera_mcp.web.server

# Dashboard available at: http://localhost:7777
```

#### **Option 3: Both Services (Recommended)**
```bash
# Terminal 1: Start MCP server
python -m tapo_camera_mcp.server_v2 --direct

# Terminal 2: Start web dashboard
python -m tapo_camera_mcp.web.server
```

### **Quick Test with USB Webcam**
```bash
# Test webcam functionality
python test_webcam_streaming.py

# Then start dashboard
python -m tapo_camera_mcp.web.server
```

## 📺 **VIDEO STREAMING FEATURES**

### **USB Webcam Streaming**
- **Format**: MJPEG (Motion JPEG)
- **Frame Rate**: 30 FPS
- **Quality**: Adjustable JPEG quality (80% default)
- **Latency**: ~100ms end-to-end
- **Browser Support**: All modern browsers

### **Tapo Camera Streaming**
- **Format**: RTSP streams
- **Integration**: Direct camera stream URLs
- **Multiple Formats**: HLS, RTSP, RTMP support
- **Authentication**: Secure credential handling

### **Dashboard Features**
- **Live View**: Real-time video display
- **Stream Controls**: Start/stop per camera
- **Camera Grid**: Multi-camera layout
- **Status Monitoring**: Online/offline indicators
- **Snapshot Capture**: Still image capture

## 🔧 **TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS**

### **Backend Architecture**
- **Framework**: FastAPI for web server
- **Async Processing**: asyncio for concurrent operations
- **Camera Abstraction**: Unified interface across camera types
- **Tool System**: Modular MCP tool architecture

### **Frontend Architecture**
- **Template Engine**: Jinja2 for server-side rendering
- **JavaScript**: Vanilla JS for dynamic functionality
- **CSS Framework**: Custom responsive design
- **Real-time Updates**: AJAX for live data

### **API Endpoints**
```
GET  /                           # Dashboard homepage
GET  /api/cameras               # List all cameras
GET  /api/cameras/{id}/stream   # Video stream
GET  /api/cameras/{id}/snapshot # Camera snapshot
GET  /api/status                # Server status
```

### **MCP Tools Available**
- **Camera Management**: 6 tools (list, add, connect, disconnect, info, status)
- **PTZ Controls**: 7 tools (move, position, presets, home, stop)
- **Media Operations**: 4 tools (capture, recording, status)
- **System Management**: 8 tools (info, reboot, logs, settings)

## 📊 **PERFORMANCE REQUIREMENTS**

### **Video Streaming**
- **Frame Rate**: 30 FPS minimum
- **Latency**: <200ms end-to-end
- **Bandwidth**: 1-2 Mbps per stream
- **Concurrent Streams**: Up to 10 simultaneous

### **System Performance**
- **CPU Usage**: <20% per active stream
- **Memory**: <100MB base + 50MB per camera
- **Startup Time**: <5 seconds
- **Response Time**: <100ms for API calls

## 🔒 **SECURITY REQUIREMENTS**

### **Authentication**
- **Camera Credentials**: Secure storage and transmission
- **API Security**: Optional OAuth2 integration
- **Network Security**: HTTPS support for production

### **Privacy**
- **Local Processing**: No cloud data transmission
- **Data Retention**: Configurable storage policies
- **Access Control**: User-based permissions

## 🚀 **DEPLOYMENT OPTIONS**

### **Development Mode**
```bash
# Local development with hot reload
python -m tapo_camera_mcp.web.server --reload
```

### **Production Mode**
```bash
# Production deployment with uvicorn
uvicorn tapo_camera_mcp.web.server:app --host 0.0.0.0 --port 7777
```

### **Docker Deployment**
```dockerfile
# Dockerfile for containerized deployment
FROM python:3.11-slim
COPY . /app
WORKDIR /app
RUN pip install -e .
EXPOSE 7777
CMD ["python", "-m", "tapo_camera_mcp.web.server"]
```

## 📱 **BROWSER COMPATIBILITY**

### **Supported Browsers**
- ✅ **Chrome/Chromium**: Full support
- ✅ **Firefox**: Full support  
- ✅ **Safari**: Full support
- ✅ **Edge**: Full support
- ✅ **Mobile Browsers**: Responsive design

### **Required Features**
- **HTML5 Video**: For video streaming
- **WebSocket**: For real-time updates
- **Fetch API**: For AJAX requests
- **CSS Grid**: For responsive layout

## 🎯 **SUCCESS METRICS**

### **Technical Metrics**
- **Uptime**: 99.9% availability
- **Stream Quality**: <1% dropped frames
- **Response Time**: <100ms API response
- **Error Rate**: <0.1% failed requests

### **User Experience Metrics**
- **Setup Time**: <5 minutes from install to streaming
- **Ease of Use**: Intuitive dashboard interface
- **Camera Discovery**: Automatic detection where possible
- **Documentation**: Comprehensive guides and examples

## 🔮 **FUTURE ROADMAP**

### **Phase 1 (Current)**
- ✅ Real video streaming implementation
- ✅ USB webcam support
- ✅ Tapo camera integration
- ✅ MCP tool registration

### **Phase 2 (Next)**
- 🔄 Advanced PTZ controls
- 🔄 Motion detection alerts
- 🔄 Recording management
- 🔄 Mobile app integration

### **Phase 3 (Future)**
- 📋 AI-powered analytics
- 📋 Cloud storage integration
- 📋 Multi-tenant support
- 📋 Enterprise features

## 📞 **SUPPORT & DOCUMENTATION**

### **Getting Help**
- **GitHub Issues**: Bug reports and feature requests
- **Documentation**: Comprehensive guides in `/docs`
- **Examples**: Sample configurations and use cases
- **Community**: Developer forums and discussions

### **Documentation Structure**
```
docs/
├── assessment.md                    # Current system assessment
├── video_streaming_implementation.md # Streaming implementation details
├── mock_removal_progress.md         # Mock removal progress
├── USER_GUIDE.md                    # User documentation
├── GRAFANA_INTEGRATION_*.md         # Grafana integration guides
└── standards/                       # Development standards
```

---

**Last Updated**: December 2024  
**Version**: 1.0.0  
**Status**: Production Ready ✅
